







222, 223, 224. 
               
                  
                     Abraham 
                     Cribb 
                  



                
            , a second time, and 
               
                  Campbel 
                  Hambleton 
               



             , were indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, val. 4 l. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Jonathan 
                           Schriven 
                        



                      
                  , in the dwelling house of the said Jonathan
            , and 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Hall 
               



             , widow
, for 


               receiving it, knowing it to be stolen
            , Dec. 10

.


                  Mary 
                  Schriven 
               



            . My husband lost his watch, and the witness can give a better account how.


                  Charles 
                  Speckman 
               



            . 
               
                  Abraham 
                  Cribb 
               



            , Hambleton, and I, stole the watch. We had seen the watch hang up in an inward room, and made two or three essays to get it, but could not till the last time. I went into the shop with a pretence to buy a half-penny worth of sugar; I had some half-pence in my pocket and I took out one, gave it a trundle into the room where the watch was hanging; I followed it, took the watch, put it into my breeches pocket. The man was weighing my sugar, and told me I should have asked his leave before I went into that room; I told him it was to take up my money which had fell on one edge and run in there. He asked me if I wanted any thing else, I told him no, nor would I have the sugar, so I flung it into his eyes, and ran away. The others stood without the door, so we all ran away together. We all three lodge just by, at the prisoner Catherine Hall's in Drury-lane. We have been concerned in many robberies together. We sold it to Catherine Hall, who is mother to Hambleton, for 25 s. we took 4 s. a piece, and the rest we put up to buy cloaths. This is the same witness as in No. 187, 188.
All three 

               Acquitted
            .
