






200, 201. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Stanton 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Webster 
                  , otherwise 
Willson




            , were indicted for 


               that they, on the King's Highway, upon the Right Hon. Ann

, 
                     
                        Countess
                         of Albemarle
                     



                  , did make an assault, putting her in corporal fear and danger of her life, one gold watch, val. 20 l. the goods of the Right Hon. the


                        Earl
                         of Albemarle
                     



                  , from the person of the said Countess, did steal, take, and carry away
            , Feb. 15
.
Lord Bury depos'd, on the 14th of February, himself, Lady Albemarle, and another Lady were stopped in a coach on the top of Great Russel street, Bloomsbury


, by several persons. His Lordship saw three pistols pointed into the coach, on the side he sat, and gave a particular account of the robbery, but could not fix it on either of the prisoners, it being a very dark, rainy night, and the stambeans blown out by the violence of the wind, &c.


                  Thomas 
                  Dauford 
               



            , the footman, who was behind the coach, confirm'd the same; but could not discern the persons, so as to know either of them.
Thomas Lewis, an accomplice, depos'd. Stanton, Webster, 
               
                  John 
                  Eckley 
               



            , 
               
                  Richard 
                  Holland 
               



            , and himself, committed the robbery, and prov'd, to a demonstration, himself was in it.


                  Samuel 
                  Cordosa 
               



            , a Jew, depos'd, he bought three gold watches, and one metal one, of these men, and had sent them abroad the next day by a kinsman; and although he agreed with Lewis they were at his house from about half an hour after two in the morning, till about seven or eight; and also they had a candle in the room; yet he would not own he knew any of the persons, except Lewis.
The witness Lewis, not being back'd by any creditable witnesses, as to the identity of the prisoners, they were both 

               acquitted
            .
