





184. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Fry 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one Gelding, val. 11 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Walter 
                     Langton 
                  




                
            , Nov. 29
.


                  Nathan 
                  Gunnel 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Langton. This horse was stolen out of his stable at Cockham, in Berkshire


, Nov. 26. I came up to London to look for him, and found him at Knightsbridge, upon the road, in a team, on the 2d of December. Although he is blind, in his place, we value him at about 5 l.


                  William 
                  Griffith 
               



            . I am a Collar-maker; the prisoner at the bar sold me the horse without shoes, with a bridle, saddle, and collar, for 10 s. 6 d. and, as Mr. Mason lives near me. I begg'd the favour of him to let him stand in his stable till I had an opportunity to kill him, and also told him, he might work him if he pleas'd: So he was found under his cart by the former witness. He was a poor object indeed, blind, swell'd legs, and had had the pole-evil.


                  David 
                  Morris 
               



            . I keep the coach and horses in Swan-yard, facing Somerset-house; the prisoner at the bar brought this horse to my stable about the 26th or 27th of November; he staid there two Nights. Mr. Griffith came to my house the 29th to buy him; the prisoner and he did not then agree; the prisoner seem'd to have no money; he went out, and at his return, said he had sold the horse for a guinea and a half; and said he had not money to pay me for his keeping; but if I would go with him, I should be paid, when he went to deliver the horse. When I came to Mr. Griffith, I then found he had sold the horse but for half a guinea; out of which he paid me about 8 s. for the horse and himself.


                  Sarah 
                  Dent 
               



             depos'd, she chang'd a guinea for Mr. Griffith, and saw him, out of the change, pay the prisoner 10 s. 6 d. for the horse.



               Guilty
            , 


               Death
            .
